Actor The Andrews Sisters's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Alec Baldwin's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Stephen Baldwin's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Vincent Ball's BOA is invalid. 
Actor The Beatles's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Barbara BelGeddes's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Halle Berry's BOA is invalid. 
Actor The Bowery Boys's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Miriam Brickman's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Soumitra Chatterjee's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Anne Chevalier's BOA is invalid. 
Actor George Clooney's BOA is invalid. 
Actor The Commodores's BOA is invalid. 
Actor John Crawford's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Joe deRita's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Lynn Frederick's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Charlotte Gainsbourg's BOA is invalid. 
Actor The Little Tough Guys's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Ray Hallam's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Terry Hatcher's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Max Haufler's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Dead End Kids's BOA is invalid. 
Actor East Side Kids's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Keystone Kops's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Queen Latifah's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Laurel and Hardy's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Marx Brothers's BOA is invalid. 
Actor David Morrissey's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Mickey Mouse's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Rene Navarre's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Super Dave Osborne's BOA is invalid. 
Actor The Sons of the Pioneers's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Brad Pitt's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Moliere Players's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Sarah Polley's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Gilda Radner's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Pamela Reed's BOA is invalid. 
Actor The Ritz-Brothers's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Tanya Roberts's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Howard E. Rollins~jr.'s BOA is invalid. 
Actor Tim Roth's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Mercedes Ruehl's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Claudia Schiffer's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Tony Shalhoub's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Posh Spice's BOA is invalid. 
Actor The Loving Spoonful's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Sting's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Natalie Talmadge's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Fred Thompson's BOA is invalid. 
Actor The Who's BOA is invalid. 
Actor The Wiere~Brothers's BOA is invalid. 
Actor Dianne Wiest's BOA is invalid. 
The insertion of star Graham Greene failed.
The insertion of star Lesley Ann Warren failed.
The insertion of star Anthony Quinn failed.
The insertion of star Helena Bonham Carter failed.
The insertion of star Olivia Hussey failed.
The insertion of star Elaine May failed.
The insertion of star Peter Falk failed.
The insertion of star Donald Sutherland failed.
The insertion of star Veronica Cartwright failed.
The insertion of star John Standing failed.
The insertion of star Kirk Douglas failed.
The insertion of star Cher failed.
The insertion of star Jennifer Salt failed.
The insertion of star Griffin Dunne failed.
The insertion of star Scott Wilson failed.
The insertion of star Glenn Close failed.
The insertion of star Burt Reynolds failed.
The insertion of star John Travolta failed.
The insertion of star Rod Steiger failed.
The insertion of star Harry Hamlin failed.
The insertion of star Roman Polanski failed.
The insertion of star Jeff Conaway failed.
The insertion of star Diane Lane failed.
The insertion of star Kim Basinger failed.
The insertion of star Nicolas Cage failed.
The insertion of star John Ritter failed.
The insertion of star Carl Reiner failed.
The insertion of star Jeanne Moreau failed.
The insertion of star Gary Oldman failed.
The insertion of star Jean Rochefort failed.
The insertion of star Johnny Cash failed.
The insertion of star Mia Farrow failed.
The insertion of star Michael Elphick failed.
The insertion of star Judi Dench failed.
The insertion of star Ellen Burstyn failed.
The insertion of star Timothy Hutton failed.
The insertion of star Albert Finney failed.
The insertion of star Giancarlo Giannini failed.
The insertion of star Ron Moody failed.
The insertion of star Bruce Boxleitner failed.
The insertion of star Paul Newman failed.
The insertion of star Robert Vaughn failed.
The insertion of star Jeremy Irons failed.
The insertion of star Harold Gould failed.
The insertion of star Lois Smith failed.
The insertion of star Charles Grodin failed.
The insertion of star David Hemmings failed.
The insertion of star Elton John failed.
The insertion of star Dominic Frontiere failed.
The insertion of star Jena Malone failed.
The insertion of star John Hurt failed.
The insertion of star Fred Williamson failed.
The insertion of star Billy Crystal failed.
The insertion of star Allen Garfield failed.
The insertion of star Kurt Russell failed.
The insertion of star Steven Seagal failed.
The insertion of star Jessica Lange failed.
The insertion of star John Heard failed.
The insertion of star Val Kilmer failed.
The insertion of star Clint Eastwood failed.
The insertion of star Bernadette Peters failed.
The insertion of star Derek Jacobi failed.
The insertion of star Jill Balcon failed.
The insertion of star Jane Seymour failed.
The insertion of star Tom Courtenay failed.
The insertion of star George Segal failed.
The insertion of star Richard Gere failed.
The insertion of star Anne Bancroft failed.
The insertion of star Robert Culp failed.
The insertion of star James Garner failed.
The insertion of star Jack Nicholson failed.
The insertion of star Dirk Benedict failed.
The insertion of star Patrick Swayze failed.
The insertion of star Frank Oz failed.
The insertion of star Kevin Costner failed.
The insertion of star Lynn Redgrave failed.
The insertion of star Ursula Andress failed.
The insertion of star Michael Caine failed.
The insertion of star David Bowie failed.
The insertion of star Claude Brasseur failed.
The insertion of star Tom Skerritt failed.
The insertion of star Robert Duvall failed.
The insertion of star Leslie Phillips failed.
The insertion of star Jim Brown failed.
The insertion of star Frank Finlay failed.
The insertion of star Judd Nelson failed.
The insertion of star Robin Williams failed.
The insertion of star Ben Gazzara failed.
The insertion of star Richard Attenborough failed.
The insertion of star Blake Edwards failed.
The insertion of star Greta Scacchi failed.
The insertion of star Tupac Shakur failed.
The insertion of star Adolfo Celi failed.
The insertion of star Bridget Fonda failed.
The insertion of star Eric Roberts failed.
The insertion of star Alan Arkin failed.
The insertion of star Cloris Leachman failed.
The insertion of star Maureen Stapleton failed.
The insertion of star Dustin Hoffman failed.
The insertion of star Francis Ford Coppola failed.
The insertion of star Tom Bell failed.
The insertion of star Guinevere Turner failed.
The insertion of star Kim Darby failed.
The insertion of star Rati Agnihotri failed.
The insertion of star Christopher Walken failed.
The insertion of star Mariette Hartley failed.
The insertion of star Mark Harmon failed.
The insertion of star Don Rickles failed.
The insertion of star Holly Hunter failed.
The insertion of star Julia Roberts failed.
The insertion of star Kris Kristofferson failed.
The insertion of star Jane March failed.
The insertion of star Sydney Pollack failed.
The insertion of star Robert Wagner failed.
The insertion of star Shirley Jones failed.
The insertion of star Helen Hunt failed.
The insertion of star Mario Adorf failed.
The insertion of star Jeff Goldblum failed.
The insertion of star Jane March failed.
The insertion of star Fred Savage failed.
The insertion of star Harry Belafonte failed.
The insertion of star James Darren failed.
The insertion of star Kieran Culkin failed.
The insertion of star Dolly Parton failed.
The insertion of star Margot Kidder failed.
The insertion of star Edward Albert failed.
The insertion of star Natalie Portman failed.
The insertion of star Jon Voight failed.
The insertion of star Bo Svenson failed.
The insertion of star Shirley MacLaine failed.
The insertion of star Woody Allen failed.
The insertion of star Hank Azaria failed.
The insertion of star Ronald Reagan failed.
The insertion of star Ron Silver failed.
The insertion of star Tom Hanks failed.
The insertion of star Clotilde Courau failed.
The insertion of star Jack Thompson failed.
The insertion of star Charles Farrell failed.
The insertion of star Elizabeth Hurley failed.
The insertion of star Julie Delpy failed.
The insertion of star Sean Penn failed.
The insertion of star Vanessa Williams failed.
The insertion of star Chris Sarandon failed.
The insertion of star Omar Sharif failed.
The insertion of star Paul Sorvino failed.
The insertion of star Jonathan Pryce failed.
The insertion of star Sylvester Stallone failed.
The insertion of star Marlene Dietrich failed.
The insertion of star Melanie Griffith failed.
The insertion of star Peter OToole failed.
The insertion of star Colin Gordon failed.
The insertion of star Bo Hopkins failed.
The insertion of star Seymour Cassel failed.
The insertion of star Anjelica Huston failed.
The insertion of star Andrew Stevens failed.
The insertion of star Elliott Gould failed.
The insertion of star Michael York failed.
The insertion of star Greta Garbo failed.
The insertion of star Elvis Presley failed.
The insertion of star Lucie Arnaz failed.
The insertion of star Sam Elliott failed.
The insertion of star Patrick MacNee failed.
The insertion of star Ossie Davis failed.
The insertion of star Christian Slater failed.
The insertion of star Tom Bosley failed.
The insertion of star Brooke Adams failed.
The insertion of star Robert Conrad failed.
The insertion of star Per Oscarsson failed.
The insertion of star Martin Short failed.
The insertion of star Ned Beatty failed.
The insertion of star Roger Corman failed.
The insertion of star William Shatner failed.
The insertion of star Anouk Aimee failed.
The insertion of star Warren Beatty failed.
The insertion of star Hector Elizondo failed.
The insertion of star Faye Dunaway failed.
The insertion of star Mickey Rooney failed.
The insertion of star Kenneth Branagh failed.
The insertion of star Catherine Deneuve failed.
The insertion of star Roger Daltrey failed.
The insertion of star Brad Dourif failed.
The insertion of star James Coburn failed.
The insertion of star Gerard Depardieu failed.
The insertion of star Juliette Greco failed.
The insertion of star Charles Aznavour failed.
The insertion of star Paul Michael Glaser failed.
The insertion of star Hanna Schygulla failed.
The insertion of star Amitabh Bachchan failed.
The insertion of star Elizabeth Ashley failed.
The insertion of star Vanessa Redgrave failed.
The insertion of star Jamie Lee Curtis failed.
The insertion of star David Soul failed.
The insertion of star Tommy Lee Jones failed.
The insertion of star John Beck failed.
The insertion of star Henry Gibson failed.
The insertion of star Soupy Sales failed.
The insertion of star Nick Nolte failed.
The insertion of star Greg Kinnear failed.
The insertion of star Bernard Hepton failed.
The insertion of star Ellen Barkin failed.
The insertion of star Julie Christie failed.
The insertion of star George Kennedy failed.
The insertion of star Tim Curry failed.
The insertion of star James Fox failed.
The insertion of star Freddie Jones failed.
The insertion of star Willie Nelson failed.
The insertion of star Arnold Schwarzenegger failed.
The insertion of star Louise Lasser failed.
The insertion of star Don Murray failed.
The insertion of star Micheline Presle failed.
The insertion of star Burt Kwouk failed.
The insertion of star Hywel Bennett failed.
The insertion of star Karina Lombard failed.
The insertion of star Matt Dillon failed.
The insertion of star Mel Brooks failed.
The insertion of star Geraldine Chaplin failed.
The insertion of star Angela Bassett failed.
The insertion of star Susan Sarandon failed.
The insertion of star Laura Dern failed.
The insertion of star Bob Hoskins failed.
The insertion of star Sam Waterston failed.
The insertion of star Stockard Channing failed.
The insertion of star Candice Bergen failed.
The insertion of star Ruben Blades failed.
The insertion of star Richard Anderson failed.
The insertion of star Elijah Wood failed.
The insertion of star Alan Alda failed.
The insertion of star Marlon Brando failed.
The insertion of star James Brolin failed.
The insertion of star Christopher Atkins failed.
The insertion of star Pat Boone failed.
The insertion of star Albert Brooks failed.
The insertion of star Malcolm McDowell failed.
The insertion of star Steve Martin failed.
The insertion of star Lindsay Wagner failed.
The insertion of star Dudley Sutton failed.
The insertion of star Ronny Cox failed.
The insertion of star Dom DeLuise failed.
The insertion of star Phyllis Diller failed.
The insertion of star Gary Busey failed.
The insertion of star Fanny Ardant failed.
The insertion of star William Atherton failed.
The insertion of star Diana Rigg failed.
The insertion of star Josephine Baker failed.
The insertion of star Stacy Keach failed.
The insertion of star John Phillip Law failed.
The insertion of star Gary Kemp failed.
The insertion of star Gene Hackman failed.
The insertion of star Rita Moreno failed.
The insertion of star Beverly Garland failed.
The insertion of star Chiara Mastroianni failed.
The insertion of star Kim Novak failed.
The insertion of star Sherilyn Fenn failed.
The insertion of star Marthe Keller failed.
The insertion of star Antonio Banderas failed.
The insertion of star Fred Astaire failed.
The insertion of star Bud Spencer failed.
The insertion of star Roger Rees failed.
The insertion of star William Baldwin failed.
The insertion of star John Cleese failed.
The insertion of star Craig Wasson failed.
The insertion of star Carol Burnett failed.
The insertion of star Peter Vaughan  failed.
The insertion of star Spike Milligan failed.
The insertion of star Samuel L. Jackson failed.
The insertion of star Marie-France Pisier failed.
The insertion of star John Alderton failed.
The insertion of star Kate Winslet failed.
The insertion of star Beverly Tyler failed.
The insertion of star Frances Fisher failed.
The insertion of star Judy Geeson failed.
The insertion of star Meryl Streep failed.
The insertion of star Rutger Hauer failed.
The insertion of star Sally Field failed.
The insertion of star Maggie Smith failed.
The insertion of star Jodie Foster failed.
The insertion of star Phoebe Cates failed.
The insertion of star Ronald Pickup failed.
The insertion of star James Marshall failed.
The insertion of star Sydney Chaplin failed.
The insertion of star Justin Henry failed.
The insertion of star Ian McShane failed.
The insertion of star Winona Ryder failed.
The insertion of star Nicole Kidman failed.
The insertion of star Vanessa Williams failed.
The insertion of star Emily Watson failed.
The insertion of star Adam Sandler failed.
The insertion of star Robert Loggia failed.
The insertion of star Rip Torn failed.
The insertion of star Bruce Dern failed.
The insertion of star Barry Primus failed.
The insertion of star Lisa Eichhorn failed.
The insertion of star Joan Plowright failed.
The insertion of star Jeff Bridges failed.
The insertion of star Martin Sheen failed.
The insertion of star James Drury failed.
The insertion of star Sigourney Weaver failed.
The insertion of star Anna Massey failed.
The insertion of star John Boorman failed.
The insertion of star Sarah Jessica Parker failed.
The insertion of star James Naughton failed.
The insertion of star Sam Shepard failed.
The insertion of star Annie Girardot failed.
The insertion of star William Hurt failed.
The insertion of star Michael J. Fox failed.
The insertion of star Beau Bridges failed.
The insertion of star Mariel Hemingway failed.
The insertion of star Peter Sallis failed.
The insertion of star Michel Piccoli failed.
The insertion of star Leni Riefenstahl failed.
The insertion of star Pam Grier failed.
The insertion of star Terry Moore failed.
The insertion of star Goldie Hawn failed.
The insertion of star Danielle Darrieux failed.
The insertion of star Balthazar Getty failed.
